[Music]
[Applause]
the perfect launch
and a control drop this is as good a
descent as it's possible to make
[Music]
it's parents are there to meet it
a little dazed for happy but all in one
piece one Gosling at least hasn't made
it
[Music]
and this chick appears to be in a bad
way
[Music]
at last it responds to its mother's
calls the resilience of a barnacle goose
chip that is extraordinary but there are
still chicks unaccounted for somewhere
amongst the rubble
[Music]
the parents can't risk searching because
they need to lead their two survivors
away quickly before predators arrive
a third one has made it
but it needs to catch up
[Music]
reunited
three out of five chicks have made it
without such a dramatic start in life
it's unlikely any of them would have
even got this far
[Music]
you